Remove `RawHtml` and mentioned docs (#842)
Shopify/hydrogen: .changeset/tough-rabbits-end.md

---
'template-hydrogen-default': minor
'@shopify/hydrogen': minor
---

> Remove `RawHtml` and its docs mentions.
> 
> Follow these instructions to upgrade your project:
> 
> 1. For anywhere you use `RawHtml` component, update to follow
>    [React's `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`](https://reactjs.org/docs/dom-elements.html#dangerouslysetinnerhtml)

Reviewer: Not sure if it's possible to edit this changeset, but just though to share a possible suggestion, just in case!

```suggestion
Removed the `Rawhtml` component.

Upgrade your project by replacing references to the `RawHtml` component to follow
   [React's `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`](https://reactjs.org/docs/dom-elements.html#dangerouslysetinnerhtml):
```
